---
title: "APL Quest 2014 Problems"
description: "APL Quest problems from 2014"
image: "https://apl.quest/img/aplquest.png"
url: "https://apl.quest/2014"
---
# APL Quest 2014 Problems
<div class="index">
<p><h2><a href="1">2014-1: It Is All Right:</a></h2> Write a function that takes the length of the legs of a triangle as its left argument, and the length of the hypotenuse as its right argument and returns 1 if the triangle is a right triangle, 0 otherwise.</p>

<p><h2><a href="2">2014-2: How Tweet It Is:</a></h2> Write a function which takes a character vector and removes the interior vowels from each word.</p>

<p><h2><a href="3">2014-3: Tell a Fib:</a></h2> Write a function that takes an integer right argument and returns that number of terms in the Fibonacci sequence.</p>

<p><h2><a href="4">2014-4: Space The Final Frontier:</a></h2> Write a function that removes extraneous (leading, trailing, and multiple) spaces from a character vector.</p>

<p><h2><a href="5">2014-5: Mirror Mirror:</a></h2> Write a function which returns a 1 if its character vector argument is a palindrome, 0 otherwise.</p>

<p><h2><a href="6">2014-6: Roll The Dice:</a></h2> Write a function that takes an integer vector representing the sides of a number of dice and returns a 2 column matrix of the number of ways each possible total of the dice can be rolled.</p>

<p><h2><a href="7">2014-7: Revolutionary Thinking:</a></h2> Write a function which takes the diameters of the stationary and mobile circles and returns the number of revolutions the mobile must traverse until the tangent points meet again.</p>

<p><h2><a href="8">2014-8: Go The Distance:</a></h2> Write a function that returns the distance between two points in a space of any number of dimensions.</p>

<p><h2><a href="9">2014-9: Going Ballistic:</a></h2> Write a function which calculates the distance (in meters) a projectile travels given an initial velocity in meters per second and a trajectory in degrees.</p>

<p><h2><a href="10">2014-10: Sales Are Up:</a></h2> Write a function that returns the greatest percent month to month increase.</p>

</div>
