---
title: "APL Quest 2015 Problems"
description: "APL Quest problems from 2015"
image: "https://apl.quest/img/aplquest.png"
url: "https://apl.quest/2015"
---
# APL Quest 2015 Problems
<div class="index">
<p><h2><a href="1">2015-1: Nag A Ram:</a></h2> Write a function that takes two character vectors as its left and right arguments and returns `1` if they are anagrams of each other.</p>

<p><h2><a href="2">2015-2: Longest Streak:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a numeric vector and returns the length of the longest streak of positive growth.</p>

<p><h2><a href="3">2015-3: Farey Tale:</a></h2> Write a function that takes an integer right argument and returns a vector of the terms in the Farey sequence of that order.</p>

<p><h2><a href="4">2015-4: PDI - Progressive Dyadic Iota:</a></h2> Write a function that implements progressive dyadic iota.</p>

<p><h2><a href="5">2015-5: He's so mean, he has no standard deviation:</a></h2> Write a function that returns the population standard deviation of its numeric array right argument.</p>

<p><h2><a href="6">2015-6: Hey! This is My Space:</a></h2> Write a function that takes, as each of its right and left arguments, a pair of co-ordinates representing diagonally opposite corners of two rectangles and returns a `1` if the rectangles overlap.</p>

<p><h2><a href="7">2015-7: Just in (Upper) Case:</a></h2> Write a function to perform case-insensitive membership between two arrays.</p>

<p><h2><a href="8">2015-8: Unlucky 13:</a></h2> Write a function to process output and change the 13s to 12.</p>

<p><h2><a href="9">2015-9: I'd Like Mine Scrambled Please:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a character vector word as its argument and returns the word's letters juxtaposed as described above.</p>

<p><h2><a href="10">2015-10: Blaise'ing a Trail:</a></h2> Write a function that takes an integer right argument representing the order of the Pascal's triangle to be created and returns a "nicely" formatted character matrix.</p>

</div>
