---
title: "APL Quest 2016 Problems"
description: "APL Quest problems from 2016"
image: "https://apl.quest/img/aplquest.png"
url: "https://apl.quest/2016"
---
# APL Quest 2016 Problems
<div class="index">
<p><h2><a href="1">2016-1: Statistics - Mean:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a numeric array as its right argument and returns the mean (average) of the array.</p>

<p><h2><a href="2">2016-2: Statistics - Median:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a numeric vector as its right argument and returns the median of the array.</p>

<p><h2><a href="3">2016-3: Statistics - Mode:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a numeric vector or scalar as its right argument and returns the mode (that is, the most common value) of the array.</p>

<p><h2><a href="4">2016-4: Just Meshing Around:</a></h2> Write a function that takes vectors as its left and right arguments and returns them “meshed” into a single vector formed by alternately taking successive elements from each argument.</p>

<p><h2><a href="5">2016-5: You're Unique, Just Like Everyone Else:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a vector as its right argument and returns elements that occur only once in the vector.</p>

<p><h2><a href="6">2016-6: Shorter Ones to the Front:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a vector of vectors as its right argument and returns it sorted by the length of each element.</p>

<p><h2><a href="7">2016-7: 3s and 5s:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a numeric vector and returns all elements that are divisible by 3 or 5.</p>

<p><h2><a href="8">2016-8: Separating Out the Negative:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a numeric vector and returns a two element vector whose first element contains the values less than 0 (zero) in the vector and the second element contains all values greater than or equal to 0.</p>

<p><h2><a href="9">2016-9: Delimited Text:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a character vector as its right argument and one or more characters as its left argument, where those characters are delimiters in the right argument.</p>

<p><h2><a href="10">2016-10: Order Total :</a></h2> Write a function that takes as its right argument a vector of prices and as its left argument a numeric vector that indicates the number ordered and returns the total cost for the order.</p>

</div>
