---
title: "APL Quest 2017 Problems"
description: "APL Quest problems from 2017"
image: "https://apl.quest/img/aplquest.png"
url: "https://apl.quest/2017"
---
# APL Quest 2017 Problems
<div class="index">
<p><h2><a href="1">2017-1: What an Odd Bunch:</a></h2> Write a function that will return the first n odd natural numbers.</p>

<p><h2><a href="2">2017-2: Good Evening:</a></h2> Write a function that takes an integer array and replaces all the odd numbers with the next greater even number.</p>

<p><h2><a href="3">2017-3: Miss Quoted:</a></h2> Write a function that will remove text found between pairs of double quotes.</p>

<p><h2><a href="4">2017-4: Slice(s) of Pie(s):</a></h2> Write a function that calculates and returns the areas of 0 or more pie slices.</p>

<p><h2><a href="5">2017-5: DNA?:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a string representing a nucleotide and returns a `1` if it is a valid DNA string, `0` otherwise.</p>

<p><h2><a href="6">2017-6: k-mers:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a character vector as its right argument and k (the substring length) as its left argument and returns a vector of the k-mers of the original string.</p>

<p><h2><a href="7">2017-7: Counting DNA Nucleotides:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a character vector representing a DNA string and returns 4 integers of the number of occurrences for each of the symbols 'A', 'C', 'G', and 'T' respectively.</p>

<p><h2><a href="8">2017-8: Be the First 1:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a Boolean vector or scalar and “turns off” all the 1s after the first 1.</p>

<p><h2><a href="9">2017-9: Double Trouble:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a character vector or scalar and returns a Boolean vector indicating anywhere an element is followed by an element of the same value.</p>

<p><h2><a href="10">2017-10: Squaring Off:</a></h2> Write a function that will reshape a given array into the smallest square matrix that will contain all the elements of the argument, padding with additional elements if necessary.</p>

</div>
