---
title: "APL Quest 2018 Problems"
description: "APL Quest problems from 2018"
image: "https://apl.quest/img/aplquest.png"
url: "https://apl.quest/2018"
---
# APL Quest 2018 Problems
<div class="index">
<p><h2><a href="1">2018-1: Oh Say Can You See?:</a></h2> Write a function that, given a scalar or vector of skyscraper heights from closest to furthest, will return an integer representing the number of skyscrapers that can be seen.</p>

<p><h2><a href="2">2018-2: Number Splitting:</a></h2> Write a function that, given a scalar real non-negative number, will return a two-element vector of the integer and fractional parts   of the number.</p>

<p><h2><a href="3">2018-3: Rolling Along:</a></h2> Write a function that, given an integer scalar or vector representing the number of sides on each of a set of dice, will return a histogram showing the distribution curve for the possible totals that can be rolled using those dice.</p>

<p><h2><a href="4">2018-4: What's Your Sign?:</a></h2> Write a function that, given a scalar integer year, returns a character vector (string) of the Chinese zodiac sign for that year.</p>

<p><h2><a href="5">2018-5: What's Your Sign? Revisited:</a></h2> Write a function that, given a 2-element integer vector representing month and day, returns a character vector (string) of the corresponding Western zodiac sign.</p>

<p><h2><a href="6">2018-6: What's Your Angle?:</a></h2> Write a function that, given a character scalar or vector representing some XML, returns 1 if the angle brackets are properly balanced and 0 if not.</p>

<p><h2><a href="7">2018-7: Unconditionally Shifty:</a></h2> Write a function that given a right argument of a Boolean scalar or vector, and left argument scalar integer of the shift amount, returns an appropriately shifted transformation of the right argument.</p>

<p><h2><a href="8">2018-8: Making a Good Argument:</a></h2> Write a function that given a right argument `Y` of any array and a numeric scalar or vector left argument `X` returns a Boolean indicating if the left argument is a valid argument for `X⍉Y`, like the result of `{0::0 ⋄ 1⊣⍺⍉⍵}` but does not use `⍉` (to test the arguments).</p>

<p><h2><a href="9">2018-9: Earlier, Later, or the Same?:</a></h2> Write a function that given left and right arguments of such timestamps returns a `¯1`, `1`, or `0` if the left argument represents a time that is respectively, earlier than, later than, or simultaneous with the right argument.</p>

<p><h2><a href="10">2018-10: Anagrammatically Correct:</a></h2> Write a function that takes left and right arguments of character scalars or vectors returns a `1` if the arguments are anagrams of one another, `0` otherwise.</p>

</div>
