---
title: "APL Quest 2019 Problems"
description: "APL Quest problems from 2019"
image: "https://apl.quest/img/aplquest.png"
url: "https://apl.quest/2019"
---
# APL Quest 2019 Problems
<div class="index">
<p><h2><a href="1">2019-1: Chunky Monkey:</a></h2> Write a function that, given a scalar or vector as the right argument and a positive (>0) integer chunk size `n` as the left argument, breaks the array's items up into chunks of size `n`.</p>

<p><h2><a href="2">2019-2: Making the Grade:</a></h2> Write a function that, given an array of integer test scores in the inclusive range 0–100, returns an identically-shaped array of the corresponding letter grades.</p>

<p><h2><a href="3">2019-3: Grade Distribution:</a></h2> Write a function that produces a 3-column, 5-row, alphabetically-sorted matrix of each grade, the number of occurrences of that grade, and the percentage (rounded to 1 decimal position) of the total number of occurrences of that grade.</p>

<p><h2><a href="4">2019-4: Knight Moves:</a></h2> Write a function that, given a 2-element vector representing the current square for a knight, returns a vector of 2-element vectors representing (in any order) all the squares that the knight can move to.</p>

<p><h2><a href="5">2019-5: Doubling Up:</a></h2> Write a function that, given a word or a list of words, returns a Boolean vector where `1` indicates a word with one or more consecutive duplicated, case-sensitive, letters.</p>

<p><h2><a href="6">2019-6: Telephone Names:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a character vector right argument that consists of digits and uppercase letters and returns an integer vector of the corresponding digits on the keypad.</p>

<p><h2><a href="7">2019-7: In the Center of It All:</a></h2> Write a function that, given a right argument of a list of words (or possibly a single word) and a left argument of a width, returns a character matrix that has width columns and one row per word, where each word is centered within the row.</p>

<p><h2><a href="8">2019-8: Going the Distance:</a></h2> Write a function that, given a right argument of a list of words (or possibly a single word) and a left argument of a width, returns a character matrix that has width columns and one row per word, where each word is centered within the row.</p>

<p><h2><a href="9">2019-9: Area Code à la Gauss:</a></h2> Write a function that, given a vector of (X Y) points, or a single X Y point, returns a number indicating the area circumscribed by the points.</p>

<p><h2><a href="10">2019-10: Odds & Evens:</a></h2> Write a function that, given a vector of words, separates the words into two vectors – one containing all the words that have an odd number of letters and the other containing all the words that have an even number of letters.</p>

</div>
