---
title: "APL Quest 2022 Problems"
description: "APL Quest problems from 2022"
image: "https://apl.quest/img/aplquest.png"
url: "https://apl.quest/2022"
---
# APL Quest 2022 Problems
<div class="index">
<p><h2><a href="1">2022-1: Counting DNA Nucleotides?:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a right argument that is a character vector or scalar representing a DNA string (whose alphabet contains the symbols 'A', 'C', 'G', and 'T') and returns a 4-element numeric vector containing the counts of each symbol 'A', 'C', 'G', and 'T' respectively.</p>

<p><h2><a href="2">2022-2: Attack of the Mutations!:</a></h2> Write a function that takes right and left arguments that are character vectors or scalars of equal length – these represent DNA strings – and returns an integer representing the Hamming distance (the number of differences in corresponding positions) between the arguments.</p>

<p><h2><a href="3">2022-3: Uniquely Qualified:</a></h2> Write a function that takes right and left arguments that are arrays of arbitrary rank, depth, and value, and returns a vector of all elements that appear in either of the two argument arrays but not in both.</p>

<p><h2><a href="4">2022-4: In the Long One...:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a right argument that is a Boolean scalar or vector and returns the length of the longest sequence of consecutive 1s.</p>

<p><h2><a href="5">2022-5: Stairway to Heaven:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a scalar integer argument and returns a character matrix comprised of spaces and <code>⎕</code> that resembles a left-to-right ascending stairway.</p>

<p><h2><a href="6">2022-6: Pyramid Scheme:</a></h2> Write a monadic function that takes an argument <em>n</em> that is an integer scalar in the range 0-100 and returns a square matrix "pyramid" with <span class="APL">0⌈¯1+2×n</span> rows and columns of <span class="APL">n</span> increasing concentric levels.</p>

<p><h2><a href="7">2022-7: Just Golfing Around:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a right argument that is a non-decreasing vector or scalar of strictly positive integers, representing a set of scores and returns a numeric vector of the place for each score; for duplicate scores, it returns the average of the places they hold.</p>

<p><h2><a href="8">2022-8: Let's Split!:</a></h2> Write a function that takes non-empty character vector or scalar arguments and returns a 2-element vector of character vectors in which the right argument is split immediately before the <em>first</em> occurence of <em>any</em> element in the left argument.</p>

<p><h2><a href="9">2022-9: An Average Window (or a Windowed Average):</a></h2> Write a function that takes a right argument that is a numeric scalar or non-empty vector and takes a left argument <span class="APL">X</span> that represents the number of neighboring elements on either side of each element in <span class="APL">Y</span> and returns a numeric vector or scalar where each element is the average (mean) of the corresponding element in <span class="APL">Y</span> and its <span class="APL">X</span> neighbors on either side.</p>

<p><h2><a href="10">2022-10: Separation Anxiety:</a></h2> Write a function that takes a right argument that is a character vector or scalar representing a valid non-negative integer and a left argument that is a character scalar "separator" character and returns a character vector that is a representation of the right argument formatted such that the separator character is found between trailing groups of 3 digits.</p>

</div>
